Improvements as per discussions and test plan notes (#46)
AMWA-TV/ms-05-02: docs/Introduction.md

# AMWA MS-05-02 NMOS Control Framework \[Work In Progress\]

The NMOS Control framework is a collection of class and datatype models and supporting documentation.

> It is aimed to serve as the foundation for building devices, components and control and monitoring features in a standard and reusable fashion.

Reviewer: Suggested simplification
```suggestion
It serves as the foundation for building devices, components and control and monitoring features in a standard and reusable fashion.
```

This specification relies on previous familiarity with the following related specifications:

- [MS-05-01 NMOS Control Architecture](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-01)
- [IS-12 NMOS Control Protocol](https://specs.amwa.tv/is-12)

The aggregated collection of control class and datatype models is published in the [Framework](Framework.md) with specific functionality published separately as [Feature sets](Feature%20sets.md).

> Models of both classes and datatypes published either in the [Framework](Framework.md) or in one of the [Feature sets](Feature%20sets.md) are deemed as `standard` models and MUST have their names prefixed with `"Nc"`.

Reviewer: Suggested simplification
```suggestion
Models of both classes and datatypes published either in the [Framework](Framework.md) or in one of the [Feature sets](Feature%20sets.md) are `standard` models and MUST have their names prefixed with `"Nc"`.
```

Reviewer 2: Why is the word standard in backticks, rather than single or double quotes (standard but not really standard 😉)?

Can vendors publish feature sets into the register? If so do they have to be prefixed with `Nc` too or not?

Author: Vendors cannot publish to the register directly. They would need to "elevate" any proposed models at which point they would become standard models.
